You searched for Choice Privileges buy points - Frequent Miler back to top Facebook Instagram RSS Twitter Beginner’s Guide Best Credit Card Offers Best Offers Card Exploration Tool (Beta) All Credit Cards American Express Bank Of America Barclays Capital One Chase Citibank Discover TD Bank US Bank Wells Fargo Other Cards How-Tos & Guides Podcasts Frequent Miler On The Air Frequent Miler “Ask Us Anything” Blog About Us Annual Team Challenges Contact Search Click here to add us as a trusted source on Google Best Offers Beginners Subscribe Click here to add us as a trusted source on Google ⓘ Beginner’s Guide Best Credit Card Offers Best Offers Card Exploration Tool (Beta) All Credit Cards American Express Bank Of America Barclays Capital One Chase Citibank Discover TD Bank US Bank Wells Fargo Other Cards How-Tos & Guides Airlines American Airlines Alaska Airlines Air Canada Avios Delta Airlines JetBlue Airlines Southwest Airlines United Airlines Hotels Hotel Reviews Choice Privileges Hilton Hyatt IHG Marriott Wyndham Transferable Points American Express Bilt Capital One Chase Citi Transferable points Partners Current point transfer bonuses Booking Awards Which award search tool is best? Award booking services Use miles to get to... Airline change fee chart Domestic first class awards Which hotel award search tool is best? Award discovery tools CREDIT CARD SPEND Miles for college Pay taxes via credit card Increasing credit card spend Best cards for everyday spend Best card category bonuses Best card big spend bonuses Visa and MasterCard gift cards Plastiq: Pay bills via credit card PODCAST & YOUTUBE Frequent Miler on the Air Ask Us Anything, Live MORE Transferable Points Booking Awards Managing Miles Credit Card Bonuses Credit Card Spend Credit Card Benefits Stacking Deals More Ways to Save Start Here Check out our Beginner's Guide if you're just getting started... Read more Podcasts Frequent Miler On The Air Frequent Miler “Ask Us Anything” Blog About Us Annual Team Challenges Contact Subscribe Search... Choice Privileges buy points - search results If you're not happy with the results, please do another search (EXPIRED) Choice Privileges points sale: Get up to 50% Off (Buy points for 0.52cpp) Stephen Pepper - July 15, 2025 21 Choice Privileges launched a new points sale today which gives the chance to buy their points for up to 50% off. That discount means... Read more (Expired) Buy Choice Privileges points for 0.74cpp (40% bonus) Stephen Pepper - April 9, 2025 1 No sooner did one Choice Privileges point sale end than another one began. This new sale isn't quite as generous as points are now... Read more [Dead] Buy Choice Privileges points: 55K for $265 back in stock Nick Reyes - April 20, 2018 3 Daily Getaways has re-stocked packages of 55,000 Choice Privileges points for $265. We previously wrote about this as it has been one of the best... Read more (EXPIRED) Get a 50% bonus when buying Choice points (buy points for 0.69 cpp) Stephen Pepper - May 19, 2026 6 Choice Privileges has launched its latest points sale. This latest deal gives a bonus of up to 50%, which means you can buy points... Read more How to keep airline miles and hotel points alive (2026) Nick Reyes and Tim Steinke - May 11, 2026 76 How do you keep your points and miles alive? What counts as a qualifying activity to extend the life of miles? Here are the... Read more Pointauctions.com: Another site for searching points-bookable experiences Nick Reyes - April 29, 2026 4 We recently reported on a site for finding points-bookable events called pointsevents.com. In the comments, a reader pointed out a similar site called Pointauctions.com... Read more Choice timeshare offer: Get 3 night stay & 40K points or $150 Mastercard gift... Stephen Pepper - April 28, 2026 2 Choice has a new timeshare offer in conjunction with Bluegreen Vacations. In return for $199 and sitting through a 2+ hour timeshare presentation, you'll... Read more Strategic Choices, major Hyatt changes, seize the high seas, and more [Week in Review] Nick Reyes - April 25, 2026 4 A week ago, Citi Thank You Rewards devalued transfers to Choice Privileges. That was a big bummer, but don't sleep on Choice. The game... Read more Guide to booking Preferred Hotels with points (Updated) Greg The Frequent Miler - April 22, 2026 45 Many, but not all, Preferred Hotels can be booked with points. Of those, some can be booked using Preferred Hotels’ I Prefer points, some... Read more (EXPIRED) (Ends 4/7) Choice no annual fee card now has 60K points welcome offer Stephen Pepper - April 1, 2026 4 Update 4/1/26: This increased welcome offer is due to end on April 7, 2026.

~

Other than a short period of time last summer when the... Read more Find Preferred Hotels bookable with points (updated) Greg The Frequent Miler - March 23, 2026 90 Many Preferred Hotels, but not all, can be booked with points. Of those, some can be booked using Preferred Hotels' I Prefer points, some... Read more Elevate your family travel without emptying your wallet: using points, miles, and the right... Nick Reyes - March 18, 2026 26 My wife and I traveled the world together over the course of about a dozen years before we decided to start a family. Someone... Read more Choice Privileges Pros and Cons | Coffee Break Ep95 | 3-3-26 Caroline Yoder - March 3, 2026 7 Choice Privileges is a hotel chain with brands like Clarion, Comfort Inn, Quality Inn, Radisson Americas etc. In today's podcast, we'll talk about the... Read more What are transferable points? Stephen Pepper - March 1, 2026 9 Some of the most valuable credit card points that you can earn are transferable points. If you're new to credit card rewards, you might... Read more 1 2 3 ... 20 Page 1 of 20 We have the single best source of credit card offers on the web and we always show the best publicly available offer. Email: * Subscribe to: * Frequent Miler Newsletter (Weekly) Frequent Miler Notifications (Daily) Frequent Miler Notifications (Instant) Please enter all required fields Correct invalid entries Frequent Miler's Daily Emails Learn how to earn hundreds of thousands of points and miles each year so you can book flights and hotels you wouldn't have remotely considered paying cash for. Follow & Share 51,658 Fans Like 20,000 Followers Follow 62,216 Followers Follow 17,000 Subscribers Subscribe Sapphire Preferred 100K Atmos Summit 100K+ Amex Platinum as high as 175K Amex Business Platinum as high as 300K Amex Business Gold as high as 200K Ink Business Preferred 100K Read Greg's thoughts about these (and other) rewards cards here . Q2 (Apr-Jun) 2026 Discover It: Restaurants | Home Improvement Stores Freedom/ Freedom Flex: Amazon (includes Whole Foods) | Chase Travel℠ | Feeding America Read more here… Our Resources Page has a collection of our most useful complete guides and posts. Here are a few complete guides to get you started… – Southwest – What Are Points Worth? – American Airlines – Amex Membership Rewards – Delta – Capital One Miles – United – Chase Ultimate Rewards – Marriott – Citi ThankYou Rewards – Hyatt – Current Transfer Bonuses – Hilton – Transfer Partner Master List – IHG Latest Posts Beginner’s Guide Best Credit Card Offers How To’s & Guides Subscribe Podcast Ask Us Anything About Us Contact Media Kit Partner Deals Airline Resources American Airlines Alaska Airlines Air Canada Avios Delta Airlines JetBlue Airlines Southwest Airlines United Airlines Hotel Resources Choice Privileges Hilton Hyatt IHG Marriott Wyndham Award Booking Resources Best award search tool Best hotel award search tool Award booking services Using miles to get to... Airline change fee chart Domestic first class awards Award discovery tools Points and Miles Resources American Express Bilt Capital One Chase Citi Transferable points partners Current point transfer bonuses Advertiser Disclosure: FrequentMiler is an independent, advertising-supported website. Frequent Miler has financial relationships with many of the cards mentioned here, and is compensated through the credit card issuer Affiliate Program. We may receive compensation when someone applies for a new card through our affiliate link, is approved, and opens the account. We do not accept sponsored gifts or travel. In some cases, we accept paid travel in order to attend informational events. This compensation does not impact how or where products appear on this site, and we do not write reviews on any occasions where the travel was paid for by the partner. Frequent Miler has not reviewed all available credit card offers in the marketplace. Advertiser partners include American Express, Capital One, Chase, and CardRatings. Editorial Note: The editorial content on this site is not provided by the credit card issuer. Any opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed here are the author’s alone, not those of the credit card issuer, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the credit card issuer. Regarding comments: Comments posted at the bottom of Frequent Miler pages and posts are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser’s responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. Privacy Policy: Please click here to view our Privacy Policy Click here to contact Frequent Miler .